While it's best to be proactive and prevent
security threats from being a problem as early as possible,
you can't prevent everything.
So eventually something will go wrong and it's important to prepare for that.
Cybersecurity breaches are on the rise and so having a solid process for responding and
containing the incident can save companies
millions of dollars in damages and prevent catastrophe.
That's what incident response is all about.
At this point, you now know the relationship between incident response,
disaster recovery, and business continuity.
You also know how to distinguish events from
incidence and recognize indicators of compromise.
You've also learned about the incident response life cycle,
the important roles in the process,
as well as planning, and digital forensics.
These are all critical parts to knowing how to respond to incidents.